DOCS-2010: Add `part_online` type of webhook (#2710)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/build/configure/_index.md

## Webhooks

Webhooks allow you to trigger actions when certain types of data are sent from your machine to the cloud, or when the internet connectivity of your machine changes.
For example, you can configure a webhook to send you a notification when your robot's sensor collects a new reading.
Viam provides two webhook types depending on the event you want to trigger on:

- `"part_data_ingested"`: trigger when a sensor on the machine part collects a new reading
- `"part_online"`: trigger when the machine part is online

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

## Webhooks

> Webhooks allow you to trigger actions when certain types of data are sent from your machine to the cloud, or when the internet connectivity of your machine changes.

Reviewer: Hmm so I think it still makes sense to provide the concrete example up top, before we get into the different types.
```suggestion
Webhooks allow you to trigger actions when certain types of data are sent from your machine to the cloud, or when the internet connectivity of your machine changes.
For example, you can configure a webhook to send you a notification when your robot's sensor collects a new reading.
```

Viam provides two webhook types depending on the event you want to trigger on:

- `"part_data_ingested"`: trigger when a sensor on the machine part collects a new reading
- `"part_online"`: trigger when the machine part is online

> One action you can trigger is sending a notification.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> One action you can trigger is sending a notification.
> For example, you can use the `"part_data_ingested"` type to configure a webhook to send you a notification when your robot's sensor collects a new reading, or use the `"part_online"` type to notify you when your machine part comes online.

Reviewer: If you feel strongly that the example doesn't belong in the opening paragraph, here's a different option:
```suggestion
You can use webhooks to trigger any action executable by a cloud function.
For example, your webhook can trigger a function that sends you a phone notification.
```

## Webhooks

> Webhooks allow you to trigger actions when certain types of data are sent from your machine to the cloud.

Author: Huh I took this line to mean data including the data that they're coming online but I think this makes sense

> Viam offers different types of webhooks depending on the type of data you want to serve as a trigger.

Author: ```suggestion
Viam provides two webhook types depending on the event you want to trigger an action on:
```

> For example, you can use the `"part_data_ingested"` type to configure a webhook to send you a notification when your robot's sensor collects a new reading, or use the `"part_online"` type to notify you when your machine part comes online.

Author: IDK but I think we may have more that aren't surfaced. This looks good except I think whoever wrote this probably used "for example" on purpose because the action triggered does not have to be sending a notification, we are just documenting an easy/good use case

> For example, you can use the `"part_data_ingested"` type to configure a webhook to send you a notification when your robot's sensor collects a new reading, or use the `"part_online"` type to notify you when your machine part comes online.

Author: Ok updated tried to keep flexibility. Checking in with naomi about other types

> For example, you can use the `"part_data_ingested"` type to configure a webhook to send you a notification when your robot's sensor collects a new reading, or use the `"part_online"` type to notify you when your machine part comes online.

Author: also the configure instructions are meant to be flexibke with the notification function just suggested as an example

> For example, you can use the `"part_data_ingested"` type to configure a webhook to send you a notification when your robot's sensor collects a new reading, or use the `"part_online"` type to notify you when your machine part comes online.

Reviewer: Ooh you're totally right about the notification part, my bad. Your cloud function can indeed do pretty much anything at all, not just send a notification.
The list you added above LGTM. Now that we have the list, I think we can shorten this section for less redundancy; see suggestion for these two lines.

   {{< tabs >}}
   {{% tab name="JSON Template" %}}

```json {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}
  "webhooks": [
    {
      "url": "<Insert your own cloud function or lambda URL for sending the event>",
      "event": {
        "type": "part_online",
        "attributes": {
          "seconds_between_notifications": 10
        }
      }
    }
  ]
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="JSON Example" %}}

```json {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}
{
  "components": [
    {
      "name": "local",
      "model": "pi",
      "type": "board",
      "namespace": "rdk",
      "attributes": {},
      "depends_on": []
    },
    {
      "name": "my_temp_sensor",
      "model": "bme280",
      "type": "sensor",
      "namespace": "rdk",
      "attributes": {},
      "depends_on": [],
      "service_configs": []
    }
  ],
  "webhooks": [
    {
      "url": "https://1abcde2ab3cd4efg5abcdefgh10zyxwv.lambda-url.us-east-1.on.aws",
      "event": {
        "type": "part_online",
        "attributes": {
          "seconds_between_notifications": 10
        }
    }
  ]
}
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

2. Replace the URL value with the URL of your cloud/lambda function.

> 3. Adjust the `seconds_between_notifications` attribute to your desired duration between actions being triggered when the `part_online` condition is met.

Reviewer: This or something similar may be easier to parse:
```suggestion
3. While your part is online, the webhook action triggers at a specified interval.
   Edit the `seconds_between_notifications` attribute to set this interval according to your preferences.
```
